[Music]
[Music] you shall not see your brother's ox or
you shall not see your brother's ox or
you shall not see your brother's ox or his sheep going astray and hide yourself
his sheep going astray and hide yourself
his sheep going astray and hide yourself from them you shall certainly bring them
from them you shall certainly bring them
from them you shall certainly bring them back to your brother
back to your brother
back to your brother and if your brother is not near you or
and if your brother is not near you or
and if your brother is not near you or if you do not know him then you shall
if you do not know him then you shall
if you do not know him then you shall bring it to your own house and it shall
bring it to your own house and it shall
bring it to your own house and it shall remain with you until your brother seeks
remain with you until your brother seeks
remain with you until your brother seeks it then you shall restore it to him you
it then you shall restore it to him you
it then you shall restore it to him you shall do the same with his donkey and so
shall do the same with his donkey and so
shall do the same with his donkey and so shall you do with his garment with any
shall you do with his garment with any
shall you do with his garment with any lost thing of your brothers which he has
lost thing of your brothers which he has
lost thing of your brothers which he has lost and you have found you shall do
lost and you have found you shall do
lost and you have found you shall do likewise you must not hide yourself you
likewise you must not hide yourself you
likewise you must not hide yourself you shall not see your brother's donkey or
shall not see your brother's donkey or
shall not see your brother's donkey or his ox fall down along the road and hide
his ox fall down along the road and hide
his ox fall down along the road and hide yourself from them
yourself from them
yourself from them you shall surely help him lift them up
you shall surely help him lift them up
you shall surely help him lift them up again a woman shall not wear anything
again a woman shall not wear anything
again a woman shall not wear anything that pertains to a man nor shall a man
that pertains to a man nor shall a man
that pertains to a man nor shall a man put on a woman's garment or all who do
put on a woman's garment or all who do
put on a woman's garment or all who do so are an abomination to the Lord your
so are an abomination to the Lord your
so are an abomination to the Lord your God if a bird's nest happens to be
God if a bird's nest happens to be
God if a bird's nest happens to be before you along the way in any tree or
before you along the way in any tree or
before you along the way in any tree or on the ground with young ones or eggs
on the ground with young ones or eggs
on the ground with young ones or eggs with the mother sitting on the young or
with the mother sitting on the young or
with the mother sitting on the young or on the eggs you shall not take the
on the eggs you shall not take the
on the eggs you shall not take the mother with the young you shall surely
mother with the young you shall surely
mother with the young you shall surely let the mother go and take the young for
let the mother go and take the young for
let the mother go and take the young for yourself that it may be well with you
yourself that it may be well with you
yourself that it may be well with you and that you may prolong your days when
and that you may prolong your days when
and that you may prolong your days when you build a new house then you shall
you build a new house then you shall
you build a new house then you shall make a parapet for your roof that you
make a parapet for your roof that you
make a parapet for your roof that you may not bring guilt of bloodshed on your
may not bring guilt of bloodshed on your
may not bring guilt of bloodshed on your household if anyone Falls from it you
household if anyone Falls from it you
household if anyone Falls from it you shall not sow your vineyard with
shall not sow your vineyard with
shall not sow your vineyard with different kinds of seed lest the yield
different kinds of seed lest the yield
different kinds of seed lest the yield of the seed which you have sown and the
of the seed which you have sown and the
of the seed which you have sown and the fruit of your vineyard be defiled
fruit of your vineyard be defiled
fruit of your vineyard be defiled you shall not foul with an ox and a
you shall not foul with an ox and a
you shall not foul with an ox and a donkey together
donkey together
donkey together [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you shall not wear a garment of
you shall not wear a garment of
you shall not wear a garment of different sorts such as wool and linen
different sorts such as wool and linen
different sorts such as wool and linen mixed together you shall make tassels on
mixed together you shall make tassels on
mixed together you shall make tassels on the four corners of the clothing with
the four corners of the clothing with
the four corners of the clothing with which you cover yourself If any man
which you cover yourself If any man
which you cover yourself If any man takes a wife and goes into her and
takes a wife and goes into her and
takes a wife and goes into her and detests her and charges her with
detests her and charges her with
detests her and charges her with shameful conduct and brings a bad name
shameful conduct and brings a bad name
shameful conduct and brings a bad name on her and says I took this woman and
on her and says I took this woman and
on her and says I took this woman and when I came to her I found she was not a
when I came to her I found she was not a
when I came to her I found she was not a virgin and the father and mother of the
virgin and the father and mother of the
virgin and the father and mother of the young woman shall take and bring out the
young woman shall take and bring out the
young woman shall take and bring out the evidence of the young woman's virginity
evidence of the young woman's virginity
evidence of the young woman's virginity to the elders of the city at the gate
to the elders of the city at the gate
to the elders of the city at the gate and the young woman's father shall say
and the young woman's father shall say
and the young woman's father shall say to the elders I gave my daughter to this
to the elders I gave my daughter to this
to the elders I gave my daughter to this man as wife and he detests her now he
man as wife and he detests her now he
man as wife and he detests her now he has charged her with shameful conduct
has charged her with shameful conduct
has charged her with shameful conduct saying I found your daughter was not a
saying I found your daughter was not a
saying I found your daughter was not a virgin and yet these are the evidences
virgin and yet these are the evidences
virgin and yet these are the evidences of my daughter's virginity and they
of my daughter's virginity and they
of my daughter's virginity and they shall spread the cloth before the elders
shall spread the cloth before the elders
shall spread the cloth before the elders of the city then the elders of that city
of the city then the elders of that city
of the city then the elders of that city shall take that man and punish him and
shall take that man and punish him and
shall take that man and punish him and they shall find him one hundred shekels
they shall find him one hundred shekels
they shall find him one hundred shekels of silver and give them to the father of
of silver and give them to the father of
of silver and give them to the father of the young woman because he has brought a
the young woman because he has brought a
the young woman because he has brought a bad name
bad name
bad name Virgen of Israel and she shall be his
Virgen of Israel and she shall be his
Virgen of Israel and she shall be his wife he cannot divorce her all his days
wife he cannot divorce her all his days
wife he cannot divorce her all his days but if the thing is true and evidences
but if the thing is true and evidences
but if the thing is true and evidences of virginity are not found for the young
of virginity are not found for the young
of virginity are not found for the young woman then they shall bring out the
woman then they shall bring out the
woman then they shall bring out the young woman to the door of her father's
young woman to the door of her father's
young woman to the door of her father's house and the men of her City shall
house and the men of her City shall
house and the men of her City shall stone her to death with stones because
stone her to death with stones because
stone her to death with stones because she has done a disgraceful thing in
she has done a disgraceful thing in
she has done a disgraceful thing in Israel to play the harlot in her
Israel to play the harlot in her
Israel to play the harlot in her father's house so you shall put away the
father's house so you shall put away the
father's house so you shall put away the evil from among you
if a man is found lying with a woman
if a man is found lying with a woman married to a husband then both of them
married to a husband then both of them
married to a husband then both of them shall die the man that lay with the
shall die the man that lay with the
shall die the man that lay with the woman and the woman so you shall put
woman and the woman so you shall put
woman and the woman so you shall put away the evil from Israel if a young
away the evil from Israel if a young
away the evil from Israel if a young woman who is a virgin is betrothed to a
woman who is a virgin is betrothed to a
woman who is a virgin is betrothed to a husband and a man finds her in the city
husband and a man finds her in the city
husband and a man finds her in the city and lies with her then you shall bring
and lies with her then you shall bring
and lies with her then you shall bring them both out to the gate of that city
them both out to the gate of that city
them both out to the gate of that city and you shall stone them to death with
and you shall stone them to death with
and you shall stone them to death with stones
the young woman because she did not cry
the young woman because she did not cry out in the city and the man because he
out in the city and the man because he
out in the city and the man because he humbled his neighbor's wife so you shall
humbled his neighbor's wife so you shall
humbled his neighbor's wife so you shall put away the evil from among you
put away the evil from among you
put away the evil from among you [Music]
[Music]
[Music] but if a man finds a betrothed young
but if a man finds a betrothed young
but if a man finds a betrothed young woman in the countryside and the man
woman in the countryside and the man
woman in the countryside and the man forces her and lies with her then only
forces her and lies with her then only
forces her and lies with her then only the man who lay with her shall die but
the man who lay with her shall die but
the man who lay with her shall die but you shall do nothing to the young woman
you shall do nothing to the young woman
you shall do nothing to the young woman there is in the young woman no sin
there is in the young woman no sin
there is in the young woman no sin deserving of death for just as when a
deserving of death for just as when a
deserving of death for just as when a man rises against his neighbor and kills
man rises against his neighbor and kills
man rises against his neighbor and kills him even so is this matter for he found
him even so is this matter for he found
him even so is this matter for he found her in the countryside and the betrothed
her in the countryside and the betrothed
her in the countryside and the betrothed young woman cried out but there was no
young woman cried out but there was no
young woman cried out but there was no one to save her if a man finds a young
one to save her if a man finds a young
one to save her if a man finds a young woman who is a virgin who is not
woman who is a virgin who is not
woman who is a virgin who is not betrothed and he seizes her and lies
betrothed and he seizes her and lies
betrothed and he seizes her and lies with her and they are found out
with her and they are found out
with her and they are found out then the man who lay with her shall give
then the man who lay with her shall give
then the man who lay with her shall give to the young woman's father fifty
to the young woman's father fifty
to the young woman's father fifty shekels of silver and she shall be his
shekels of silver and she shall be his
shekels of silver and she shall be his wife because he has humbled her he shall
wife because he has humbled her he shall
wife because he has humbled her he shall not be permitted to divorce her all his
not be permitted to divorce her all his
not be permitted to divorce her all his days a man shall not take his father's
days a man shall not take his father's
days a man shall not take his father's wife nor uncover his father's bed
wife nor uncover his father's bed
wife nor uncover his father's bed [Music]